Email Workers auth requirement (#23093)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/email-routing/postmaster.mdx

### DMARC enforcing

Email Routing enforces Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting & Conformance (DMARC). Depending on the sender's DMARC policy, Email Routing will reject emails when there is an authentication failure. Refer to [dmarc.org](https://dmarc.org/) for more information on this protocol.

> It is recommended that all senders implement the DMARC protocol, which will be required in the near future in order to successfully deliver email to Cloudflare.

Reviewer: I'd just write: "It is recommended that all senders implement the DMARC protocol in order to successfully deliver email to Cloudflare."

### Mail authentication requirement

> Starting on 2025-07-03, Cloudflare will require emails to either pass SPF verification or be correctly DKIM-signed to forward them. Having DMARC configured will also have a positive impact and is recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cloudflare requires emails to [pass some form of authentication](/changelog/email-routing/2025-06-30-mail-authentication/), either pass SPF verification or be correctly DKIM-signed to forward them. Having DMARC configured will also have a positive impact and is recommended.
```
